feat: added the header variant D-01 and D-02 based on figma (#2975)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/soft-pigs-pull.md

---

> '@solid-design-system/components': patch

Reviewer: Please add only the packages that have changes.

Author: I have updated the relevant packages.

---
'@solid-design-system/docs': patch
---

> Added a new variant C to the `header-navigation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add Variant C to the `header-navigation` template.
```
